Root TWRP LG V30 Wxploitlaf
——————————————
DO WITH YOUR OWN RISK!
H932 ONLY!


All u need
-lgdriver (Windows Only)(on folder)
-python(on folder)
-lgup with patch (search lgup 1.14.3 on google)(patch on folder)
-H93210d_00_0111.kdz firmware https://lg-firmwares.com/downloads-file/12659/H93210d_00_0111.kdz
-H93310h_00_OPEN_CA_OP_1124.kdz firmware https://lg-firmwares.com/downloads-file/11514/H93310h_00_OPEN_CA_OP_1124.kdz
-Magisk (https://forum.xda-developers.com/apps/magisk/official-magisk-v7-universal-systemless-t3473445)


Step:
Part 1 (You can only do this on Windows/Paralell or Virtualbox Windows)
1. Boot your v30 to Download Mode (vol up+usb)
2. Using Patched LGUP flash 10d firmware using refurbish mode
3. Boot to Download Mode again, Flash 10h using partition DL mode
4. Only check laf, Click start
5. You will get a warning about additional modified partitions (cache, OP, userdata) ignore it, and click OK.
6. Click OK and it will start flashing.
7. Once the flash completes, your phone will reboot into the OS. Just power off, and go back into download mode.
8. Choose partition DL again, and this time pick the H932 10d KDZ.
9. Select all partitions except laf. If you forget to uncheck laf, you will have to do this all over again.
10. When it completes, it will reboot your phone.
11. Go back into download mode. 

Part 2 (Installing Tools)
Open your whatever terminal/cmd/etc.
1. Installing Phython, on Mac use (brew install python), Linux (sudo apt-get install python), Windows (https://pypi.org/).
2. Installing pyusb (python pip install pyusb)
3. Installing libusb (python pip install libusb)
4. Installing cryptography (python pip install cryptography)
5. Copy Wxploitlaf.img to sdcard root, must be named as Wxploitlaf.img!
6. Plug your device with Download Mode
7. Open folder lglaf then open lglaf.py on terminal by (python <dir>/lglaf.py).

Part 3 (Executing)
Copy this command line by line
1. !EXEC  toybox dd if=/storage/external_SD/Wxploitlaf.img of=/dev/block/sde bs=4096 seek=10246\0
2. !CTRL POFF
3. Boot to TWRP
4. Power off your phone
5. Hold vol down + power.
6. When the LG logo appears, immediately release power (and ONLY power) and then immediately hold power again until you get the the factory reset screen. You never let go of vol down until the factory reset screen appears. Once it appears, you can release both buttons.
7. Choose yes twice by using the vol down key and power to select, and you will be in TWRP.

Part 4 (Rooting)
1. Do full wipe data cache.
2. Flash Magisk, dm-noverity-opt-encrypt, and rctd remover.
3. Reboot, done

